1) Replace resumeTasks.txt with an empty file and as work progresses on the remaining tasks continue to update resumeTasks.txt with any information needed to resume these tasks in the situation where my usage hits a limit and is cut off.

--------------------

2) Support the ability to stop a train within a given amount of distance. The train will slow at an even rate 
of deceleration until the train has moved the given distance and come to a stop. The desired speed will be 0 
and the direction of the train will be unchanged.   

3) Support the ability for a train to be composed of any combination of cabs and cars in any order. 
Cabs may be facing forwards or backwards, but the train will still move forward, 
unless there are no cabs and only cars. 
All lockahead responsibilities or switching behaviors currently of the first cab will be redefined as being 
performed by the first cab or car in the direction of travel (which previously was only forward) 
All lockahead responsibilities or switching behaviors currently of the last car or cab 
will be redefined as being performed by the last car or cab in the direction of travel 
(which previously was only forward).

4) Support the ability for a train to move backwards (whether it would have negative desired speed or a 
positive desired speed and a direction indicator is an implementation decision).  A train can only change
directions when it is standing still. So the sequence to reverse will be (1) stop the train, (2) switch train 
direction, (3) set desired (negative) speed.  The opposite sequence is used to reverse a backwards moving
train. When a train reverses then any lockahead responsibilities or switching behaviors currently of the 
first car or cab will be performed by the last car or cab. 
Also all lockahead responsibilities of the last car or cab will be performed by the first car or cab in the 
train. There do not have to be any UI changes now to support backing a train go backwards, 
only for the correct behavior required for a train to actually reverse direction of travel.

5) Support the ability for a train to couple with a stopped set of cars (and possible cabs). 
When a train is coupling, it moves in the currently set direction at a (configurable) low speed. 
During this time, the train continues to lock
connection points directly under and releasing them when the train has passed, but the train ignores locked 
connection points and continues to move forward until it makes contact with the first set of cars and cabs that
it encounters. At the time of contact, the train becomes a longer train with the other cars and cabs becoming
the first or last cars in the train, depending on the direction of travel for the coupling train. After coupling
the newly combined train stops, but maintains its direction.

6) Support a new track archetype: Decoupler (or dec for short), a zero-length track which decouples two cars 
or cabs, in a stopped train, whose connecting coupler is directly over (give or take) the decoupler track piece. 
The visual indicator of the decoupler are two small triangles, one on each side of the track, pointing to the
location of the decoupler on the track. In the UI, the decoupler is triggered by clicking on one of the triangles. When the 
train is set in motion again, the forward cars, in the direction of travel, from the decoupled coupler to the front
of the train will pull away. the remaining cars stay stopped until coupled with another train.     
